Update airflow-and-dbt-cloud to new repo (#6064)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/airflow-and-dbt-cloud.md

## Update the placeholders in the sample code

>  Add your `account_id` and `job_id` to the python file [dbt_cloud_provider_eltml.py](https://github.com/dbt-labs/airflow-dbt-cloud/blob/main/dags/dbt_cloud_provider_eltml.py).

Author: ```suggestion
 Add your `account_id` and `job_id` to the python file [dbt_cloud_run_job.py](https://github.com/dbt-labs/airflow-dbt-cloud/blob/main/dags/dbt_cloud_run_job.py).
```
